Add PUBLISH_BLOCKED to indicate PUBLISH couldn't be sent (#1452)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

SHOULD close the session with a protocol error if it detects receiving more
than one.

If a Subscription cannot be created because there is no available Request ID,
the Publisher sends a PUBLISH_BLOCKED message on the response stream to indicate
the Full Track Name of the Subscription that could not be established. The Publisher
MUST NOT create a new Subscription for that Track when more Request IDs become

> available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MUST NOT create a new Subscription for that Track when more Request IDs become
available.  The subscriber can instead issue a SUBSCRIBE to establish a subscription to that track.
```

SHOULD close the session with a protocol error if it detects receiving more
than one.

If a Subscription cannot be created because there is no available Request ID,
the Publisher sends a PUBLISH_BLOCKED message on the response stream to indicate
the Full Track Name of the Subscription that could not be established. The Publisher
MUST NOT create a new Subscription for that Track when more Request IDs become

> available.  The subscriber can instead issue a SUBSCRIBE to establish a subscription to that track.

Author: ```suggestion
the Full Track Name of the Subscription that could not be established. The Publisher
MUST NOT send a PUBLISH for a Track after PUBLISH_BLOCKED has been sent.  The subscriber can instead issue a SUBSCRIBE to establish a subscription to that track.
```

Reviewer: we want this to be edge triggered not level triggered to avoid relay holding state of what's been publish blocked.
